Tuning cycle explanations (#746)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/MITunaX: doc/TuningCycle.md

phase of all the recurrent configurations takes up to a few days. There are many configurations
used for each network and one should try and use as many machines as possible to speed up
the tuning part. The current configurations we tune for are:

> ## Tuning Steps

Author: This should do quite well.

Additionally the user may provide a name to tag a configuration for easier recall later.
Tags are stored in the config_tags table.

./import_configs.py -t resnet50 -f ../utils/recurrent_cfgs/resnet50.txt
-t - tag
-f - filepath

### Add Solvers
The solver table contains MIOpen solvers and solver characteristics. This should be initialized
and updated when an MIOpen version adds new solvers.

./go_fish.py --local_machine --update_solvers
--local_machine - run directly on this machine

### Create a Tuning session
Session will track the architecture and skew, as well as the miopen version and 
rocm version of the tuning session.

This command will need to be run from inside the tuning environment eg MITunaX docker
and will populate the table with the version and architecture information.

./go_fish.py --local_machine --init_session -l reason
--init_session - create a session entry
-l             - reference text description

### Create Applicability
Each network configuration has a set of applicable solvers. In this step we update the
solver_applicability table with our applicable solvers for each configuration for the session.

> ./go_fish.py --local_machine --update_applicability --session_id 1

Reviewer: Add every command in quotations so it shows up nicely formatted and distinct from text.

```suggestion
```./go_fish.py --local_machine --update_applicability --session_id 1```
```

--session_id - tuning session id

### Load Jobs
Time to create the jobs for the tuning session. We'll need to specify the session id, the configs that
should be tuned, the fin_step to be executed. Jobs should have a compile and an eval fin step pair.

> fin steps include miopen_perf_compile, miopen_perf_eval, miopen_find_compile, miopen_find_eval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fin steps include: miopen_perf_compile, miopen_perf_eval, miopen_find_compile and miopen_find_eval.
```

./load_job.py --session_id 1 -t resnet50 --fin_steps miopen_perf_compile,miopen_perf_eval -o -l reason
--session_id - tuning session id
-t           - config tag
--fin_steps  - operations to be performed by fin (tuning handle into miopen)
-o           - only_applicable, will create a job for each applicable solver
-l           - reference text description

### Compile Step

> Finally time to start executing the jobs. To compile the jobs supply the session id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once prerequisites are set, tuning can begin. To compile the jobs supply the session id
```

along with the fin_step for the job.

./go_fish.py --local_machine --session_id 1 --fin_steps miopen_perf_compile
--local_machine - run directly on this machine
--session_id    - tuning session id
--fin_steps     - execute this operation

### Evaluation Step

> The job is ready for evaluation after the compile step, this command is similar to the previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once compile jobs have been started, the evaluation step can begin. This command is similar to the previous
```

./go_fish.py --local_machine --session_id 1 --fin_steps miopen_perf_eval
--local_machine - run directly on this machine
--session_id    - tuning session id
--fin_steps     - execute this operation

### Database Export

> To export the results the export_db.py script can be run with options

Reviewer: Add some more details that these results are exported into a .db or .fdb txt format and contains the information from the central tuning DB.
